This hotel here is the owner of our Su family
As you ordered
The security guards of the Su family and the industry are coming this way
Yeah, very good.
Hmph Su Haiming
For a kid like you
Do you want our Zhao family to fight to the death?
Zhao Jiangxiong, if you insist on killing Mr. Xu
So what if you fight with the Zhao family?
Could it be that my Su family is afraid of you?
Liu Haiming, you forced me.
Then don't blame me for being rude.
Don't you forget
The Nangong family owes our Zhao family a favor
This Nangong Patriarch lives in the imperial hall under the name of the Temple of Heaven
The hall master is the underground emperor of Lanzhou
There is a famous saying in Lanzhou that it is better to provoke the king of hell
Don't mess with the imperial hall
This Zhao family group is not small
time warden
You hurry up and take your people away
Nothing happened to me.
Could it be that
Do you have to ask me to call the Nangong family?
Mr. Su, I will handle my own affairs by myself
You take your people and go first